What?
Is this...
A magic carpet?
Do you trust me?
What did you say?
Yes.
♫ I can show you the world ♫
♫ Shining, shimmering,
splendid ♫
ðŸŽµ Tell me, princess ðŸŽµ
♪ Now when did you last let
your heart decide? ♪
♪ I can open your eyes ♪
♪ Take you wonder by wonder ♪
♪ Over, sideways and under ♪
♪ On a magic carpet ride ♪
♪ A whole new world ♪
♪ A new fantastic
point of view ♪
♪ No one to tell us no ♪
♪ Or where to go ♪
♪ Or say we're only dreaming ♪
♪ A whole new world ♪
♪ A dazzling place
I never knew ♪
♪ But when I'm way up here ♪
♪ It's crystal clear ♪
♪ That now I'm in ♪
♪ A whole new world with you ♪
♪ Now I'm in a whole
new world with you ♪
♪ Unbelievable sights ♪
♪ Indescribable ♪
♪ Feeling ♪
ð„ž Soaring, tumbling,
freewheeling ð„ž
♫ Through an endless
diamond sky ♫
♫ A whole new world ♫
♫ Don't you dare close
your eyes ♫
♫ A hundred thousand things
to see ♫
♫ Hold your breath ♫
♫ It gets better ♫
♫ I'm like a shooting star ♫
♪ I've come so far ♪
♪ I can't go back to where ♪
♪ I used to be ♪
♪ A whole new world ♪
♪ Every turn a surprise ♪
♪ With new horizons to pursue ♪
♪ Every moment, red-letter ♪
♪ I'll chase them anywhere ♪
♪ There's time to spare ♪
♪ Let me share this whole
new world with you ♪
♪ A whole new world ♪
♬ A whole new world ♬
♬ That's where we'll be ♬
♬ A thrilling chase ♬
♬ A wondrous place ♬
♬ For you and me ♬